AI policy and acknowledgement (#7089)
geodynamics/aspect: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### For all pull requests:

* [ ] I have followed the [instructions for indenting my code](../blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#making-aspect-better).
* I followed the [AI Policy](../blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#policy-on-usage-of-ai):

>   - [ ] Significant parts were done by AI (please add a sentence below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Significant parts of this PR were written by AI (please add a sentence below).
```

>   - [ ] Significant parts of this PR were written by AI (please add a sentence below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Significant parts of this PR were written by AI (please describe AI usage below).
```

Reviewer 2: In the policy, it says `describe which parts of the contribution were generated by AI in your pull request summary`, which is not completely the same as `please describe your usage of AI models in the creation of this pull request`. What is it that we want to know exactly?

Reviewer 3: I agree this is a useful thing to clarify - many people do not think hard about what their AI is doing for them. I like to think that my use of AI is just reducing the effect of writers-block and saving time, but in practise it is hard to stop it replacing academic thought.

In the context of potential AI input into code generation, some useful (I think) categories...
- Knowledge
- Ideas
- Structure
- Implementation
- Boilerplate
- Documentation

These points work equally for code, tests and manual contributions.

I'd argue that this provides a decent framework to get developers thinking about where AI might have had input, and for reviewers to think about where AI might have slipped in some hard-to-catch errors / overengineered solutions.
